Add tasks 1.2,1.3,1.4 to Distinguishing Unitaries Kata (#1542)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/distinguishing_unitaries/i_z/solution.md

> As a reminder, $$Z = \begin{bmatrix} 1 & 0 \\ 0 & -1 \end{bmatrix}$$

We won't be able to distinguish $I$ from $Z$ by applying them to the basis states, since they both leave the $|0\rangle$ state unchanged and add a phase to the $|1\rangle$ state: 

$$I|0\rangle = |0\rangle, I|1\rangle = |1\rangle$$
$$Z|0\rangle = |0\rangle, Z|1\rangle = -|1\rangle$$

However, if we try applying these gates to a superposition of basis states, we'll start seeing a difference between the resulting states:

$$I \big(\frac{1}{\sqrt2}(|0\rangle + |1\rangle)\big) = \frac{1}{\sqrt2}(|0\rangle + |1\rangle)$$

> $$Z \big(\frac{1}{\sqrt2}(|0\rangle + |1\rangle)\big) = \frac{1}{\sqrt2}(|0\rangle \color{blue}{-} |1\rangle)$$

Reviewer: I would drop \color tag here, since it either colors all the formula until the end of line or impacts the spacing around the minus sign, and neither option looks good
```suggestion
$$Z \big(\frac{1}{\sqrt2}(|0\rangle + |1\rangle)\big) = \frac{1}{\sqrt2}(|0\rangle - |1\rangle)$$
```

Author: good to know!

> These two states are orthogonal and can be distinguished by measuring them in the $\{ |+\rangle, |-\rangle\}$ basis using [`MResetX`](https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.measurement.mresetx) operation (which is equivalent to applying an $H$ gate and measuring in the computational basis).

Reviewer: Let's use new docs links
```suggestion
These two states are orthogonal and can be distinguished by measuring them in the $\{ |+\rangle, |-\rangle\}$ basis using [`MResetX`](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.measurement/mresetx) operation (which is equivalent to applying an $H$ gate and measuring in the computational basis).
```

> > The task of distinguishing these two states is covered in more detail in the Measurements kata and the corresponding workbook.

Reviewer: Must remember to use new names of the katas (always trips me, I keep referring to them as Superposition and Measurements...)
```suggestion
> The task of distinguishing these two states is covered in more detail in the Distinguishing Quantum States kata.
```
